	Hexapawn is a deterministic two-player game invented by Martin Gardner in 1962. It is played on a rectangular board of size n x m, for example on a 3 x 3 board or on a regular chess board. Each player begins with m pawns, one for each square in the row closest to him or her. The goal of each player is to either advance a pawn to the opposite end of the board or leave the opponent with no legal moves.

	As in chess, a pawn may be moved in two different ways: it may be moved one square vertically forward, or it may capture a pawn one square diagonally ahead of it. A pawn may not be moved forward if there is a pawn in the next square. Unlike chess, the first move of a pawn may not advance by two spaces.

	A player loses if he or she has no legal moves or one of the other player's pawns reaches the end of the board.

	This version of Hexapawn is played on a 3 x 3 board, and the opponent is implemented by a heuristic AI which models a mechanical computer based on Donald Michie's Matchbox Educable Noughts and Crosses Engine (MENACE). This computer, which Gardner named Hexapawn Educable Robot (HER), is made up of 24 empty matchboxes and a supply of colored beads. Each matchbox represents one of the 24 possible configurations of the board during play. Inside each box, a bead representing each of the possible moves the opponent can make are placed inside. When it is the opponent's turn, the player shakes the matchbox corresponding to the current board configuration and removes a bead at random. The player then finds the matching move and moves the opponent accordingly. The game proceeds as such until there is a winner. If the player won, the last bead drawn is permanently removed from the matchbox, making it such that the opponent will not choose that move again in the future. In this fashion, the computer moves at random at the beginning but gradually becomes smarter and smarter until it almost always wins against the player.

	Try your best and watch the evolution of the computer player. When you decide to exit, you will be shown your wins and losses in the order they occured. Maybe a pattern will emerge?

	You move your pawns by clicking one to select it, and then clicking the space you would like to move it to. You can also click on itself or any invalid space to deselect it if you change your mind. The opponent will then move. This process will repeat until there is a winner.